Level 1 the 0 0 4
Level 1 a 0 0 4
Level 1 in 0 0 4
Level 1 and 0 2 2
Level 1 was 0 0 4
Level 1 I 0 0 4
Level 1 it 1 0 3
Level 1 to 0 0 4
Level 1 my 0 0 3
Level 1 we 0 0 5
Level 6 lunch 1 1 0
Level 6 woke 2 1 1
Level 6 tell 1 0 1
Level 6 run 2 0 1
Level 6 decided 1 0 1
Level 6 find 1 2 0
Level 6 four 1 0 0
Level 6 sister 1 0 1
Level 6 jump 1 0 1
Level 6 town 0 0 1
Level 6 minutes 2 0 1
Level 6 its 1 0 1
Level 6 water 1 1 0
Level 6 I'm 1 0 0
Level 6 most 0 0 1
Level 6 wanted 1 0 1
Level 6 even 1 0 0
Level 6 outside 2 0 1
Level 6 gave 3 0 0
Level 6 boy 1 0 0
Level 6 life 1 0 1
Level 6 head 2 0 0
Level 6 fell 1 0 0
Level 6 getting 1 0 0
Level 6 how 1 0 0
Level 6 top 2 0 1
Level 6 ready 1 0 0
Level 6 cat 1 0 0
Level 6 end 3 0 0
Level 6 place 0 0 1
Level 6 every 1 1 1
Level 6 make 1 0 1
Level 6 I'll 2 0 0
Level 6 yes 1 0 0
Level 6 right 1 0 0
Level 6 great 1 1 0
Level 6 nice 2 0 0
unlock Level 1
unlock Level 2
unlock Level 3
unlock Level 4
unlock Level 5
unlock Level 6
failed Level 6 gave
failed Level 6 head
failed Level 6 I'm
failed Level 6 fell
failed Level 6 yes
failed Level 6 nice
failed Level 6 how
failed Level 6 boy
failed Level 6 right
failed Level 6 four
failed Level 6 cat
failed Level 6 I'll
failed Level 6 getting
failed Level 6 end
failed Level 6 decided
failed Level 6 even
failed Level 6 ready
mastered Level 1 a
mastered Level 1 the
mastered Level 1 we
mastered Level 1 in
mastered Level 1 was
mastered Level 1 to
mastered Level 1 I
mastered Level 1 my
mastered Level 1 it
mastered Level 1 and
mastered Level 6 place
mastered Level 6 most
mastered Level 6 town
mastered Level 6 top
mastered Level 6 its
mastered Level 6 tell
mastered Level 6 minutes
mastered Level 6 woke
mastered Level 6 life
mastered Level 6 make
mastered Level 6 every
mastered Level 6 jump
mastered Level 6 outside
mastered Level 6 sister
mastered Level 6 run
mastered Level 6 wanted
